= Pinoy I.T. Geeks

=== Authors
    * [rupaheizu](https://hakz.co/user/roop/profile)

=== About

Pinoy I.T. Geeks is a Knowledge and Skills Sharing Group about:

    * Computer Programming Languages ( C++, Java, C#, VB6.0/.Net, Python, Assembly, etc.)
    * Web Development topics such as HTML, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, and SQL.
    * Computer Hardware/Software Troubleshooting.
    * Networking Technology (Routers, Switches, Wireless Systems, Security Systems)
    * Datacenter and Virtualization (Unified System, Data Center Switching, Storage Networking and Cloud Computing Services)
    * Multimedia (Video/Photo/Sound Editing and Manipulating) Multimedia Tools such as Sony Vegas, Final Cut Pro, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Flash , Premiere , After Effects, Flex, Fireworks, etc.
    * Mobile Technology, Programming and Troubleshooting. Ethical Hacking ( Infrastructure Protection, Web Application Security, Network Enumeration, Vulnerability Analysis, Penetration Testing, Database/Webserver Exploitation, Reverse Engineering ) 

=== Affiliations
    
    * Pinoy Hack News \([Website](http://www.pinoyhacknews.com/)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/pinoyhacknews)\)
    * Hakz Project \([Website](https://hakz.co)\)

=== Rules

    ==== General Rules
    * Respect members in your discretion *1*
    * Privacy is to be respected *2*
    * Do not spam the group with unrelated content *3*
    * Any kind of marketing is strictly forbidden
    * Begging for the following is not allowed
        * Generally anything that can be acquired with a simple Google search
    * Linking to warez/torrent sites are not allowed * you can Google them anyway *

    ==== Social Etiquette
    * Observe free speech to the extent you're not threatening the person
    * Try not to reply in bits, slug it out in one reply
    * Spoon feeding is frowned upon *4*
    * READ THE THREAD before posting *5*

    ===== Re:Hacking
    * Any type of hacking that may be referred to as |cracking|&|black hat| are not allowed.
    * Hacking in which you're trying to improve something out of something is highly encouraged, this goes to, "improving and/or participating in the open source community"

    ===== Re:Selling
    * Only technology related items would be allowed to be sold in the group
    * STRICT REQUIREMENT
    * ONLY ITEMS YOU NO LONGER NEED which are allowed to be posted
    * The group itself is not a marketplace and will never be one

    ==== References
    1. This is not a major requirement, although respect is not supposed to be given without being deserved. If you can't respect. This goes also to the admins, if you can't respect one because he's being a prick. Then don't give him the respect he needs. Just don't break the barrier.

    2. Any information deemed to be private such as, *the details provided in your birth certificate* which are not disclosed publicly or voluntarily by the user are protected by the rights/privileges given by this group.

    3. There will be certain scenarios whereas unrelated content would be allowed to linger in the group board by the discretion of a certain admin.

    4. We are entitled to learn things on our own, as we strive something that is harder. It will soon bear to fruit in the future. Remember the saying "Give a man a fish, and he will live for a day; Teach a man how to fish, and he will live for a lifetime".

    5. Please, by all means, learn how to read the thread before posting your reply to avoid re-bumping "SOLVED" threads and/or "reinventing the wheel" so to say.